Development of this project did not involve copying code from or modifying the
files of other projects. However, it did include research into how other
programs work, including reading source code from open source projects. The two
primary sources of this research were Greg Neagle's pycreateuserpkg and
Twocanoes Software's macdeploystick. It may be reasonably argued that this
project is therefore a "derivative work" of those two despite the lack of shared
code. Therefore, code from this project is hereby licensed in accordance with
the respective licenses of pycreateuserpkg (Apache License 2.0) and
macdeploystick (BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" license). The required notices
are below and at the end of the individual source code files. Neither
pycreateuserpkg nor macdeploystick, their developers, owners, copyright holders,
or any other contributors are endorsing or promoting this project and their
names are included here only as notification of possible reuse and distribution
of their work.

No conditions, claims, assertions, requirements, or restrictions beyond those
listed below are made with respect to this project, its included source code
files and other data, except as required by applicable law.

From Twocanoes Software's macdeploystick project, retreived from
https://bitbucket.org/twocanoes/macdeploystick/raw/a7989eddae93d3339b54e30356da0c6ff13fd795/LICENSE
on 24 January 2022:

Copyright 2019 Twocanoes Software, Inc

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

From Greg Neagle's pycreateuserpkg project, retrieved from
https://github.com/gregneagle/pycreateuserpkg/blob/dcc9ee6d140048aa74fa33f880a4f3c3cb8ada17/LICENSE.md
on 24 January 2022:

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this source code except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
